docs: adds metrics usage recipe (#90)
posit-dev/connect-cookbook: metrics/usage/index.qmd

---
title: "Usage"
---

## Description

> You want to analyze usage information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to see how people are interacting with your content.
This can be useful to show who is viewing your content, how frequently they are viewing it, when they view it, and other information.
```

│ …                               ┆ …                               ┆ …           ┆ …            ┆ … ┆ …                    ┆ …                    ┆ …            ┆ …    │
│ c0bf0052-3565-473b-973a-d4c3d1… ┆ d339bdd2-42e0-4165-9a90-08622c… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:14:52Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:15:14Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 26f6ffeb-36e1-4184-8173-5f2d58… ┆ d339bdd2-42e0-4165-9a90-08622c… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:15:51Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:36:32Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ d672641c-05f9-4709-9792-024c4c… ┆ c392504a-98cf-4906-b9c7-f38136… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:17:57Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:20:53Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 45bf3651-ce0b-4a3f-9a44-a3d23d… ┆ c2250bb4-47ab-4332-839b-a975e8… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:41:08Z ┆ null                 ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 45bf3651-ce0b-4a3f-9a44-a3d23d… ┆ c2250bb4-47ab-4332-839b-a975e8… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:51:16Z ┆ null                 ┆ 1            ┆ null │
└─────────────────────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────┴─────────────┴──────────────┴───┴──────────────────────┴──────────────────────┴──────────────┴──────┘

> ```

Reviewer: Could we show folks how they might go about doing the joins to get the (nice) content names + usernames here?

This is the consolidated usage, right? Both the shiny-style and the static-style of data?

Author: Correct. There are some examples in the content section that dot this. I will add some links to them for reference.

Reviewer: Ah, great

---
title: "Usage"
---

## Description

> You want to see how people are interacting with your content.
> This can be useful to show who is viewing your content, how frequently they are viewing it, when they view it, and other information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This recipe can help you see how people are interacting with your content, including 
who is viewing your content, how frequently they are viewing it, when they view it, and other information.
```

> ## Recipe: Find usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Recipe: find usage
```

::: {.panel-tabset group="language"}

## Python

```{.python}
usage = client.metrics.usage.find()
```

> ### Example Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example output
```

│ c0bf0052-3565-473b-973a-d4c3d1… ┆ d339bdd2-42e0-4165-9a90-08622c… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:14:52Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:15:14Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 26f6ffeb-36e1-4184-8173-5f2d58… ┆ d339bdd2-42e0-4165-9a90-08622c… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:15:51Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:36:32Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ d672641c-05f9-4709-9792-024c4c… ┆ c392504a-98cf-4906-b9c7-f38136… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:17:57Z ┆ 2024-06-24T18:20:53Z ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 45bf3651-ce0b-4a3f-9a44-a3d23d… ┆ c2250bb4-47ab-4332-839b-a975e8… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:41:08Z ┆ null                 ┆ 1            ┆ null │
│ 45bf3651-ce0b-4a3f-9a44-a3d23d… ┆ c2250bb4-47ab-4332-839b-a975e8… ┆ null        ┆ null         ┆ … ┆ 2024-06-24T18:51:16Z ┆ null                 ┆ 1            ┆ null │
└─────────────────────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────┴─────────────┴──────────────┴───┴──────────────────────┴──────────────────────┴──────────────┴──────┘
```

## R

```{.r}
# TODO
```

:::

> #### See Also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Additional resources
```

- [Content Usage](../../content/content-usage/)

> - [Popular Content](../../content/most-used/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Popular Content](../../content/most-used/)

```
